Add CONTRIBUTING.md with links to existing contribution docs (#9466)
dotnet/arcade: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing to .NET Arcade

This project welcomes contributions and suggestions. Most contributions require you to
agree to a Contributor License Agreement (CLA) declaring that you have the right to,
and actually do, grant us the rights to use your contribution. For details, visit
https://cla.microsoft.com.

When you submit a pull request, a CLA-bot will automatically determine whether you need
to provide a CLA and decorate the PR appropriately (e.g., label, comment). Simply follow the
instructions provided by the bot. You will only need to do this once across all repositories using our CLA.

This project has adopted the [Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/).
For more information see the [Code of Conduct FAQ](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq/)
or contact [opencode@microsoft.com](mailto:opencode@microsoft.com) with any additional questions or comments.

> See https://github.com/dotnet/arcade/blob/main/Documentation/Policy/ArcadeContributorGuidance.md for principles, expectations, and guidance around issues when contributing to this repo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [Arcade Contributor Guidance](Documentation/Policy/ArcadeContributorGuidance.md) for principles, expectations, and guidance around issues when contributing to this repo.
```

Consider a Markdown link with a nice title, and relative link to the doc.

> See [the overview page](https://github.com/dotnet/arcade/blob/main/Documentation/Overview.md) for a more general overview of the repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [the overview page](Documentation/Overview.md) for a more general overview of the repository.
```
Relative link for consistency?
